docs: add web client docs (#573)
open-feature/js-sdk: packages/client/README.md

In some situations, it may be beneficial to register multiple providers in the same application.
This is possible using [named clients](#named-clients), which is covered in more detail below.

> ### Flag evaluation flow

Reviewer: Please update the anchors in the feature table to reflect this change.

When a new provider is added to OpenFeature client the following process happens:

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    autonumber
    Client-->+Feature Flag Provider: ResolveAll (context)
    Feature Flag Provider-->-Client: Flags values
```

> In 1 the Client sends a request to the provider backend in order to get all values from all feature flags that it has.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In (1) the Client sends a request to the provider backend in order to get all values from all feature flags that it has.
```

Once the provider backend replies (2) the client holds all flag values and therefore the flag evaluation process is synchronous.

> In order to prevent flag evaluation to the default value while flags are still being fetched it is highly recommended to only lookup for flags value after the provider has emitted the `Ready` event. The following code snipet provides an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to prevent flag evaluation to the default value while flags are still being fetched, it is highly recommended to only look for flag value after the provider has emitted the `Ready` event.
The following code snippet provides an example.
```

> In order to prevent flag evaluation to the default value while flags are still being fetched it is highly recommended to only lookup for flags value after the provider has emitted the `Ready` event. The following code snipet provides an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to prevent flag evaluation to the default value while flags are still being fetched it is highly recommended to only look for flag value after the provider has emitted the `Ready` event. The following code snippet provides an example.
```

await OpenFeature.setContext({ origin: document.location.host });
```

> Context is global and setting it is `async`. Providers may implement a `onContextChanged` method that receives the old context and the newer one. This method identifies if an update is needed in flags values, which might result in a request from the cliente to the provider to get all flag values given the new context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Context is global and setting it is `async`.
Providers may implement an `onContextChanged` method that receives the old context and the newer one.
This method identifies if an update is needed in flag values, which might result in a request from the client to the provider to get all flag values given the new context.
```

I found the last sentence to be a bit confusing. Could you please try and rephrase it?
